docs(readme): updates on JavaScript framework support (#623)
carbon-design-system/carbon-web-components: README.md

</html>
```

### Other usage guides

- [Having components participate in form](./docs/form.md)
- [Using custom styles in components](./docs/styling.md)
- [Using `carbon-web-components` with old build toolchain](./docs/old-build-toolchain.md)

## JavaScript framework support

> In addition to the available Web Component versions of Carbon components, this
> library also supports usage with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular, React,
> and Vue if the desire is to use instead of the pure framework versions of
> Carbon components.
> This is achievable since Web Components is the modern browser standard, and
> works well with other front-end frameworks that exist in the application. In
> turn, this also comes with the benefits of encapsulation within the Shadow DOM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the available Web Component versions of Carbon components, this
library also supports usage with JavaScript frameworks like Angular, React,
and Vue if the desire is to use instead of the pure framework versions of
Carbon components. Specifically for React, this library comes with a wrapper
implementation around the Carbon Web Components for more seamless integration
with your React application.

This is achievable since Web Components is the modern browser standard, and
works well with other front-end frameworks that exist in the application. In
turn, this also comes with the benefits of encapsulation within the Shadow DOM:
```
